Thursday, March 20 the farmers of
sundgau was invited by the room
of agriculture attended a
demonstration of mechanical weeding at
roppentzwiller the weeder in action this
day there belongs for a week
only at richard farm today
there were two goals so the
first is to highlight the
performance of the tools available on
the market today and the second
proved that this performance she
is currently used in agriculture
biological students
one of the major obstacles to
producers are his goal is to pass
in bio is the management of weeds
the richard farm precisely work in
conventional and in bio their production
de is already certified agriculture
biological 9 hectares of cereals are
currently in the second year of
conversion conventional agriculture
still concerns the rest of the surfaces
cultivated as well as the cattle workshop
the aim being to pass
all organic farming
by 2015
we have a farm of about 80 hectares
with different workshops
we want to go organic because we
think two by the bio we will arrive
with what we have
without increasing our production or
cute monday armaments at the level of
cattle we will manage to live well behind
and so we compare a lot for example
for the trials of direct selling for
the milk one would also like pulled towards the
sale grain to direct sale
for cereals it will also be
following the niches in the end we
will try to market our cereals
we ourselves so it's really for good
value our products and after because
we are attracted by the technicality of
organic farming and we think
that today there is a lot to do
in this area and also by conviction
it's true we do not see each other
processed in class in 30 years that's right
think about our health too
would like to cultivate otherwise everything
just the current interest for
the farmer to convert to
organic farming is economical
finally we find ourselves in a market
a market a mode of production that is
very bearer the price of cereals is
very good we know advise a rotation
make a technical plan for that
the farmer find themselves there with
correct returns that will be valued
with a very good price in the market of
the organic cereal and which price
will definitely stay good long enough
since France imports the majority
organic cereals that she
consume 7 hoeing your forty thousand
euros partly because of its guidance
by high precision cameras
philippe and his associates hope
cushion it as quickly as possible
thanks to the redemption price of their
different productions in bio they
took two years of reflection and
exchanged with other professionals
to find this versatile tool
the hoe was actually bought for
weed all the farm's interests
to know that this machine can
the cereal weed starts to 14 and
half to three meters fifty wide
it can also weed soybeans or
other culture at any 43 centimeters and
half wide on or iran and she can
also weed weeding plants that
are going to be sown an integrator of 77 5 on
6 so this machine is really
done to work on the completeness
crops from their farms
this type of investment can make
some reluctant farmers
however there is the plant plan for
the pve environment that helps to help
financially buying the purchase of this
tool
that's why you are advised to
contact the Chamber of Agriculture
when you want to acquire this type
tool for two reasons the first the
pe as I just pointed out and the
second to have technical advice
to make the right choice and make sure
the use of tools will be done in
best conditions possible